[Doc][KubeRay] Improve KubeRay docs based on CUJ (#45212)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/cluster/kubernetes/getting-started/raycluster-quick-start.md

```sh
# Execute this in a separate shell.
kubectl port-forward service/raycluster-kuberay-head-svc 8265:8265
```

Now that we have access to the Dashboard port, we can submit jobs to the RayCluster:

```sh
# The following job's logs will show the Ray cluster's total resource capacity, including 2 CPUs.
ray job submit --address http://localhost:8265 -- python -c "import ray; ray.init(); print(ray.cluster_resources())"
```

## Step 5: Access the Ray Dashboard and submit a job

> Visit `${YOUR_IP}:8265` in your browser for the Dashboard (e.g. `127.0.0.1:8265`)

Reviewer: the step title says "submit a job", where this instruction and the figure only says visit the dashboard? seems that job submission is actually in `Step 4`?

other than being able to visit the dashboard, is there something else user should expect to see?

Author: Updated

```sh
# Execute this in a separate shell.
kubectl port-forward service/raycluster-kuberay-head-svc 8265:8265
```

Now that we have access to the Dashboard port, we can submit jobs to the RayCluster:

```sh
# The following job's logs will show the Ray cluster's total resource capacity, including 2 CPUs.
ray job submit --address http://localhost:8265 -- python -c "import ray; ray.init(); print(ray.cluster_resources())"
```

## Step 5: Access the Ray Dashboard

> Visit `${YOUR_IP}:8265` in your browser for the Dashboard (e.g. `127.0.0.1:8265`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Visit `${YOUR_IP}:8265` in your browser for the Dashboard. For example, `127.0.0.1:8265`.
```

> As shown in the screenshot below, you should see the job you submitted in Step 4 in the "Recent jobs" section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See the job you submitted in Step 4 in the **Recent jobs** pane as shown below.
```
